Alright we covered a lot of ground in
this session of course. It's actually a
much longer section and I like to have
them but I wanted to keep this focused
on CRUD operations using Spring MVC. And I think we threw a lot of good examples
at you. So you can see how versatile
Spring MVC is and how you can do work
with Spring MVC and Spring Data to
persist and get data back out of the
database. And I want to go through the
number of scenarios because I've been
doing this for a while. And when I
originally did the course, I did a very
simple example but we didn't get into some
of the more complex object stuff. So I
decided to include that in the course
and you can see the nuances dealing with
a more complex
data model. So it gives you some more
very realistic hands-on experience using
Spring MVC. And also I got a lot of
questions about how to handle images. So
we did towards the end there, we did
store the image in the database. A pretty
common use case to do that.
So now you do see just how versatile
Spring MVC is and along the way, we did
follow test-driven development. So you
get a lot of great hands-on, a lot of
great examples for a MockMvc through
Spring MVC test. So it's a very very
versatile tool and you're going to see a
lot more of that coming up in this
course. So right now we do have a rather
brittle application because it does
expect happy path on everything. So if
something goes wrong, it's not going to
react properly like if you put in a
String value for the recipe ID, it's
probably not going to like that. Or if
you go and not find a recipe,
you're going to get a generic error
error page. Coming up in the course we
are going to make this a lot more
production grade and do a little more
defensive programming against some of
those issues that we may see.